From r  Thu Oct 31 08:11:39 2002
Return-Path: <bensul2004nng@spinfinder.com>
X-Sieve: cmu-sieve 2.0
Return-Path: <bensul2004nng@spinfinder.com>
Message-Id: <200210311310.g9VDANt24674@bloodwork.mr.itd.UM>
From: "Mr. Ben Suleman" <bensul2004nng@spinfinder.com>
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 05:10:00
To: R@M
Subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE /RELATIONSHIP (P)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: O

Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Ben Suleman a custom officer and work as Assistant controller of the Customs and Excise department Of the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs stationed at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos-Nigeria.

After the sudden death of the former Head of state of Nigeria General Sanni Abacha on June 8th 1998 his aides and immediate members of his family were arrested while trying to escape from Nigeria in a Chartered jet to Saudi Arabia with 6 trunk boxes Marked "Diplomatic Baggage". Acting on a tip-off as they attempted to board the Air Craft,my officials carried out a thorough search on the air craft and discovered that the 6 trunk boxes contained foreign currencies amounting to US$197,570,000.00(One Hundred and  Ninety-Seven Million Five Hundred Seventy Thousand United States Dollars).

I declared only (5) five boxes to the government and withheld one (1) in my custody containing the sum of (US$30,000,000.00) Thirty Million United States Dollars Only, which has been disguised to prevent their being discovered during transportation process.Due to several media reports on the late head of state about all the money him and his co-government officials stole from our government treasury amounting
to US$55 Billion Dollars (ref:ngrguardiannews.com) of July 2nd 1999. Even the London times of July 1998 reported that General Abacha has over US$3.Billion dollars in one account overseas. We decided to conceal this one (1)box till the situation is calm and quite on the issue. The box was thus deposited with a security company here in Nigeria and tagged as "Precious Stones and Jewellry" in other that its
content will not be discovered. Now that all is calm, we (myself and two of my colleagues in the operations team) are now ready to move this box out of the country through a diplomatic arrangement which is the safest means. 

However as government officials the Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us by law to operate any foreign account or own foreign investment and the amount of money that can be found in our account
cannot be more than our salary on the average, thus our handicapp and our need for your assistance to help collect and keep safely in your account this money.

Therefore we want you to assist us in moving this money out of Nigeria. We shall definitely compensate you handsomely for the assistance. We can do this by instructing the Security Company here in Nigeria to
move the consignment to their affiliate branch office outside Nigeria through diplomatic means and the consignment will be termed as Precious Stones and Jewelleries" which you bought during your visit to Nigeria and is being transfered to your country from here for safe keeping. Then we can arrange to meet at the destination country to take the delivery of the consignment. You will thereafter open an account there and lodge the Money there and gradually instruct remittance to your Country. 

This business is 100% risk free for you so please treat this matter with utmost confidentiality .If you indicate your interest to assist us please just e-mail me for more Explanation on how we plan to execute the transaction.

Expecting your response urgently.

Best regards,

Mr. Ben Suleman

From r  Thu Oct 31 17:27:16 2002
Return-Path: <obong_715@epatra.com>
X-Sieve: cmu-sieve 2.0
Return-Path: <obong_715@epatra.com>
Message-Id: <200210312227.g9VMQvDj017948@bluewhale.cs.CU>
From: "PRINCE OBONG ELEME" <obong_715@epatra.com>
Reply-To: obong_715@epatra.com
To: webmaster@aclweb.org
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 22:17:55 +0100
Subject: GOOD DAY TO YOU
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900DM
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by sideshowmel.si.UM id g9VMRBW20642
Status: RO

FROM HIS ROYAL MAJESTY (HRM) CROWN RULER OF ELEME KINGDOM 
CHIEF DANIEL ELEME, PHD, EZE 1 OF ELEME.E-MAIL 
ADDRESS:obong_715@epatra.com  

ATTENTION:PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam. 

This letter might surprise you because we have met
neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe
it is one day that you got to know somebody either in
physical or through correspondence. 

I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the
chambers of commerce and industry of your country on
the net, you and your organization were revealed as
being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one
has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. 

However, I am the first son of His Royal
majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of
Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River
State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in
respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United
State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. 

This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my
father as compensation by the oil firms located in our
area as a result of oil presence on our land, which
hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. 

Unfortunately my father died from protracted
diabetes.But before his death he called my attention
and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two
boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary
status. The lodgment security code number was also
revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a
reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me
in investing the money in a lucrative business as a
result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is
the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move
this money from the security firm to any Country of
your choice for investment purpose. 

So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so
that the funds can be moved in your name and
particulars to any Country of your choice where it
will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had
intimated the security firm personnel that the
beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. 

But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds
reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so
that we can discuss physically on investment
potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I
have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total
money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which
may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills
inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. 

I hereby guarantee you that this is not government
money, it is not drug money and it is not money from
arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of
confidentiality on this matter. I will give more
details about the proceedings of this transaction as
soon as I receive your favorable reply. 

Please reply to my Email Address:obong_715@epatra.com
I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous
relationship between my family and your family. 

Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested,
kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. 

I am waiting for your quick response. 

Yours faithfully, 

Prince Obong Abbot 